# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --extra dev -c requirements.txt -o requirements-dev.txt
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-geostore
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   elastic-transport
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   mercantile
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   fiona
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   fiona
conditional==2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-clone
coverage==7.8.0
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
crispy-bootstrap5==2025.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pyjwt
deepmerge==2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   django-auth-oidc
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-clearcache
    #   django-clone
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-mapbox-baselayer
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-tinymce
    #   django-token-tools
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-extra-fields
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
django-admin-interface==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-auth-oidc @ git+https://github.com/Terralego/django-auth-oidc.git@b4d5724c41dd4158b1703da11036264a26319a01
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-celery-beat==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-celery-results==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-clearcache==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-clone==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-colorfield==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-admin-interface
django-constance==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-debug-toolbar==5.2.0
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-extensions==4.1
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   djangorestframework-gis
django-geostore==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-mapbox-baselayer==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
django-tinymce==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
django-token-tools==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-extra-fields
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-gis==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
drf-extra-fields==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
elastic-transport==8.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.17.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
faker==37.4.0
    # via factory-boy
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   drf-extra-fields
fiona==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-geostore
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
gpxpy==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
lml==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-io
lxml==5.4.0
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
mercantile==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
openid-connect==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-auth-oidc
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gunicorn
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-colorfield
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-geostore
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyexcel==0.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
pyexcel-io==0.6.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   drf-jwt
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
python-jose==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   openid-connect
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-admin-interface
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
    #   openid-connect
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
ruff==0.12.0
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
sentry-sdk==2.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   terravisu (pyproject.toml)
simplekml==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-geostore
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-clone
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==3.1.0
    # via terravisu (pyproject.toml)
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
texttable==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pyexcel
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
